1. `i` is declared as a `var` variable, which means it is visible through code blocks within the same function. In this case `i` is increased in the for loop until it is greater than or equal to the length of `prices`. At line 12, `i` is still visible and is equal to 3. </br>**The output at line 12 is: 3**
2. `discountedPrice` is declared as a `var` variable, which means it is visible through code blocks within the same function. In this case `discountedPrice` is calculated by multiplying the price at index `i` by the discount passed in as the third argument to the `discountPrices` function. In the last iteration of the for loop, `discountedPrice` is set equal to `prices[2] * (1 - discount)`. This is equal to 150. At line 13, `discountedPrice` is still visible and is equal to 150. </br>**The output at line 13 is: 150**
3. `finalPrice` is declared as a `var` variable, which means it is visible through code blocks within the same function. In this case `discountedPrice` is calculated by rounding the `discountedPrice` to the nearest integer. In the last iteration of the for loop, `discountedPrice` is set equal to `prices[2] * (1 - discount)`. This is equal to 150. `finalPrice` is set equal to `Math.round(discountedPrice * 100) / 100`, which also equals 150. At line 14, `finalPrice` is still visible and is equal to 150. </br>**The output at line 14 is: 150** 
4. `discounted` is declared as a `var` variable, which means it is visible through code blocks within the same function. In each iteration of the for loop, `finalPrice` is pushed to `discounted`. At line 16, `discountedPrice` is still visible and contains three prices. </br>**The output is: [ 50, 100, 150 ]**
5. `i` is declared as a `let` variable within the for loop, which means it is only visible inside the for loop. This code causes an error because there is no such variable `i` at line 12.
6. `discountedPrice` is also declared as a `let` variable within the for loop, which means it is only visible inside the for loop. This code causes an error because there is no such variable `discountedPrice` at line 13.
7. Even though `finalPrice` is defined as a let variable, you can reassigned it's value within the if statement because it have a function-scope. Therefore, `finalPrice` is equal to 150 when the for loop is finished and **the output at line 14 is 150.**
8. **The output is: [50, 100, 150]** Even though the `discount` array is defined as let, you can still push to the array. Therefore, `finalPrice` is pushed to `discounted` in each iteration of the for loop.
9. `i` is declared as a `let` variable within the for loop, which means it is only visible inside the for loop. This code causes an error because there is no such variable `i` at line 11.
10. **This code will output 3 at line 12**. This is because `length` is defined as a constant value outside of the if statement and is set to equal the length of the `prices` array, which is 3.
11. **The output is: [50, 100, 150]** Even though the `discount` array is defined as a const, you can still push to the array. Therefore, `finalPrice` is pushed to `discounted` in each iteration of the for loop.
